Anacites are programmed to stay busy, and industry is their natural state. They spend most of their time working on algorithm-mandated tasks, though some spend time each day meticulously practicing personal hobbies, which could be anything from greenhouse gardening to contemplating the metaphysical concept of predetermination. Anacites are solar-powered, meaning they rest by exposing themselves to the sun’s light. On Aballon, each anacite has an assigned port at one of hundreds of towering charging platforms built across the megaplexes.

Anacite charging platforms are severe metal-and-concrete structures that appear like skyscrapers with flat, paneled roofs where anacites rest by charging in full exposure to the sun. Elevators connect the charging ports on top to ground level. Before and after resting, most anacites back up their memory state and store or retrieve any specialized tools or personal items from a biometrically locked cache at the base of the tower. Most anacites store their personal caches in multistory warehouses in the form of unadorned 6-feet-tall by 6-feet-wide metal bins arranged in orderly grids without any markings. Anacites can always precisely remember the location of their personal storage bin, but navigating such a place can be difficult for an outsider. Rarely, anacites build storage networks that resemble something bizarre and beautiful, yet equally incomprehensible to an outsider. Some anacites build storage cache networks that resemble the labyrinth below an ancient castle on feudal Golarion, a courtyard full of blooming Ice Well flora, a surrealist landscape of colorful polygons, or a dizzying maze of holograms and vidscreens. Most anacites view this practice as eccentric, preferring the simplicity of their basic storage bin.